Create markdown pages for docs site (#43)
onflow/flow-js-testing: docs/templates.md

---
title: Template Code
sidebar_title: Templates
description: How to manage load Cadence template code
---

> The philosophy behind Flow JS Testing Framework is to be a set of helper methods. They can be used in
> opinionated way, envisioned by Flow Team. Or they can work as building blocks, allowing developers to build their own
> testing solution as they see fit.
> 
> Following methods used inside other framework methods, but we feel encouraged to list them here as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flow JS Testing Framework is essentially a set of helper methods. They can be used in an
opinionated way, envisioned by Flow Team. Or they can work as building blocks, allowing developers to build their own testing solution as they see fit.

Following methods used inside other framework methods, but we feel encouraged to list them here as well.
```
